Add basic documentation pages (#988)
AI-Hypercomputer/maxtext: docs/getting_started/end-to-end.md

# End-to-end example

> See the <a href="https://www.kaggle.com/code/melissawm/maxtext-examples" target="_blank">MaxText example Kaggle notebook</a>.

Author: ```suggestion
See the <a href="https://www.kaggle.com/code/shivajidutta/maxtext-on-kaggle" target="_blank">MaxText example Kaggle notebook</a>.
```
